[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> narrator: THIS IS THE STORY
OF A MAN WHO HAS YET TO REALIZE
HIS DESTINY.
THE CONSTANT FIGHTING CONTINUED
AS THEY SEARCHED FOR THE ENEMY
BASE.
AND JUST WHEN THEY THOUGHT A NEW
JOURNEY WAS ABOUT TO BEGIN...
AFTER FOILING THE TRAP SET BY
THE BATHHOUSE GUNMEN,
AN ENORMOUS FIGURE SUDDENLY
APPEARED.
THIS WAS THE BEGINNING OF A NEW
SET OF TRIALS.
>> Viral: IT’S BEEN A LONG TIME,
YOU NAKED APE!
>> Kamina: WAIT, YOU’RE‐‐
>> Viral: I SEE THAT YOU’VE BEEN
HAVING FUN LATELY, BUT THAT ENDS
TODAY.
I’VE COME TO SETTLE THE SCORE
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
>> Kamina: VIRAL!
>> Viral: NOW...
YOU HAVE MY HELMET.
GIVE IT BACK!
OR SO I’D LIKE TO SAY.
BUT FIRST THINGS FIRST.
PUT SOME CLOTHES ON!
[women squealing]
>> HUH?
>> [squeaks]
>> AAH!
>> [grunting]
>> Kamina: YOU’RE BEING AWFULLY
UNDERSTANDING, GIVING US THE
CHANCE TO GET DRESSED LIKE THIS
AND ALL.
>> Viral: HA! DEFEATING A NAKED
NAKED APE WILL WIN ME NO HONORS
AMONG THOSE WHO MATTER.
WARRIORS OF THE CAPITAL
PRIZE DECORUM ABOVE ALL ELSE!
>> YA HA HA!
>> Kamina: WHAT’S THE CAPITAL?
>> Simon: HEY, BRO, THAT’S
PROBABLY THEIR BASE OF
OPERATIONS!
>> Viral: BASE?
IT’S MORE THAN A MERE BASE!
[Kamina grunts]
>> Viral: THE CAPITAL IS THE
ULTIMATE POWER ETERNAL!
THE SOLE CIVILIZATION ON THE
SURFACE, RULED BY THE MIGHTY
POWER OF THE SPIRAL KING!
>> Simon: SPIRAL KING?
>> Kamina: CIVILIZATION?
>> Viral: [grunts]
DAMN YOU!
RETURN MY HELMET THIS INSTANT!
>> Kamina: HEH!
YOU MEAN AFTER ALL THAT
SPEECHIFYING OF YOURS, THAT’S
ALL YOU WANT?
>> Viral: HEH. YOU SEEM
DETERMINED TO MAKE THE CAPITAL
A COMPLETE AND UTTER ENEMY.
VERY WELL.
FEEL THE POWER OF THE CAPITAL!
[all gasp]
>> all: HUH?
>> Rossiu: A MOUNTAIN.
>> Kamina: A MOUNTAIN?
SINCE WHEN DO MOUNTAINS SHOOT AT
YOU?
>> Rossiu: IT’S MOVING!
>> Kamina: WHAT?
>> AH!
>> [shrieking]
>> Kamina: WHO IS THAT?
AND WHAT HAS THIS KIND OF
FIREPOWER?
>> Viral: DO YOU NOW UNDERSTAND
THE AWESOME POWER OF THE
CAPITAL?
>> Kamina: AW, CRAP.
>> Viral: SURRENDER AND RETURN
MY HELMET!
>> Kamina: NOT A CHANCE!
YOU GIVE UP AND BE HAPPY WITH
THAT FREAKY BIRD CREST
DOOHICKEY!
>> Viral: I’VE HAD ENOUGH OF
YOUR IMPUDENCE.
>> [gasps]
>> [grunts]
>> Yoko: IT’S HUGE!
>> Kiyoh: ENORMOUS!
>> Kinon: INCREDIBLE.
>> Kiyal: MASSIVE!
>> Rossiu: IT’S SO GIGANTIC!
>> Ron: OH, I’M BLUSHING!
[Viral laughs]
>> Viral: DO YOU SEE?
THIS IS THE MOBILE FORTRESS
GUNMEN... DAI‐GUNZAN!
>> Simon: BRO, IT’S TOO BIG FOR
US.
>> Kamina: YEAH, OUGHTA BE GOOD.
>> Ron: THIS ISN’T GOOD.
IT’S THE RECALL POINT!
THERE’S NO DOUBT ABOUT IT!
YOU SEE, IT OVERLAPS PERFECTLY
WITH THE GUNMEN POINT OF ORIGIN
WE’VE BEEN SEARCHING FOR!
IT MAKES PERFECT SENSE.
OF COURSE THEIR BASE WOULD BE
MOBILE.
BECAUSE IT’S A GUNMEN TOO!
>> Thymilph: YOU SEEM TO BE
HAVING TROUBLE, VIRAL.
>> Viral: SIR, MY APOLOGIES.
>> Simon: THERE’S A BEASTMAN
PILOTING THAT ONE TOO?
>> Yoko: KAMINA!
STOP! IT’S TOO DANGEROUS!
THAT GUY SEEMS TO BE THE
GUNMEN’S BOSS!
>> Kamina: HA! LOOKS LIKE A LOT
OF FUN.
I MEAN, LET’S FACE IT, NOBODY’S
EVER CAST A BIG SHADOW LIKE THIS
OVER ME BEFORE TODAY.
YOU BIG LUG, DON’T THINK YOU’RE
GOING HOME UNSCATHED, BUDDY!
GOT IT?
>> Simon: LOOK, BRO, MAYBE WE’RE
THE ONES WHO SHOULD BE LEAVING.
WE’RE JUST NO MATCH FOR
SOMETHING THIS BIG!
>> Kamina: WE’RE GONNA KNOCK HIM
ON HIS ASS BECAUSE HE’S BIG.
>> Viral: HEH.
WHAT’S THE MATTER?
LOST YOUR NERVE?
>> Kamina: BUTT OUT, CANNON
FODDER!
>> Thymilph: YOU PUNY HUMANS
HAVE GOTTEN TOO BIG FOR YOUR
BRITCHES AND HAVE INCURRED THE
WRATH OF THE SPIRAL KING.
I, ONE OF THE SPIRAL KING’S
GENERALS, WILL PUT YOU IN YOUR
PLACE!
>> Kamina: NOW YOU’RE MINE!
AH!
[Viral laughs]
>> Kiyoh: KAMINA!
>> Kiyal: KAMINA!
>> Yoko: KAMINA!
COME ON! GET OUTTA THERE!
>> Kamina: SON OF A BITCH!
>> Yoko: HEY!
>> Thymilph: [laughs]
DID YOU SEE THAT, HUMAN?
>> Kamina: [growling]
>> Thymilph: GO AHEAD AND STEAL
AS MANY GUNMEN FROM US
AS YOU WANT...
>> Kamina: [growling]
>> Thymilph: BUT THEY’LL BE
INEFFECTIVE BEFORE THE MIGHT
OF MY DAI‐GUNZAN!
>> Yoko: KAMINA!
>> Kamina: HEH.
WHO’S THE INEFFECTIVE ONE NOW?
THAT DIDN’T HURT, NOT EVEN
A TINGLE.
>> Thymilph: HUH?
>> Kamina: THINK TWICE BEFORE
SCREWING WITH GURREN LAGANN!
>> Simon: HEY, BRO, WE’VE GOT
DAMAGE TO THE LEFT LEG!
>> Viral: WHAT’S THE MATTER, OUT
OF FIGHT ALREADY?
>> Yoko: WOULD YOU GIVE IT A
REST ALREADY?
LOOK, THERE’S A TIME TO GIVE UP,
AND THIS IS IT!
>> Rossiu: KAMINA, LISTEN!
WE SHOULD WITHDRAW FOR NOW AND
FORMULATE A PROPER PLAN!
>> Simon: COME ON, BRO, I THINK
WE’RE IN BIG TROUBLE THIS TIME.
>> Kamina: SHUT UP!
NEVER RETREAT, NEVER SURRENDER,
NEVER LOOK BACK!
THAT’S MINE AND SIMON’S FIGHTING
SPIRIT!
>> Yoko: KAMINA!
>> Kamina: NO MORE TALK!
[grunting]
>> Simon: WHAT IS THIS, A REAL
MAN CAN NEVER BACK DOWN?
WHAT THE HELL?
IT FIXED ITSELF!
>> Kamina: FIGHTING SPIRIT!
IN THIS WORLD, YOU DON’T GET
ANYWHERE RUNNING AWAY.
>> Yoko: RIGHT! FINE!
SEE IF I CARE, YOU BLOCKHEAD!
>> Kamina: YEAH, WELL,
WHO ASKED YOU?
NOW GET BACK!
>> Ron: LOOK OUT! GET DOWN!
>> Kamina: DAMN IT!
ISN’T THERE ANY WAY WE CAN GET
ON TOP OF THIS THING?
>> Simon: THERE’S TOO MUCH
CANNON FIRE!
IT’S HOPELESS!
>> Kamina: ALL RIGHT, THEN.
>> Viral: WHAT’S THE MATTER,
HUMAN?
HAVE YOU FINALLY DECIDED TO GIVE
UP?
FOR HUMANS, YOUR TENACITY WAS
ADMIRABLE.
YOUR RESISTANCE BRAVE, BUT
FUTILE.
DAI‐GUNZAN’S CONCENTRATED CANNON
FIRE WILL SMASH YOU TO
SMOLDERING SCRAP!
WHAT THE...
>> Thymilph: FIRE! FIRE! FIRE!
>> Kamina: AAH!
MAN ON FIRE!
BLAZING CHARIOT...
KICK!
>> Rossiu: SOMETHING DOESN’T
SEEM RIGHT OVER THERE.
>> Kinon: DID KAMINA GET KILLED?
>> Rossiu: I DON’T KNOW.
>> Kiyal: THERE’S NO WAY KAMINA
WOULD BUY IT LIKE THAT!
>> Ron: PERHAPS, BUT THERE WAS
THAT HUGE EXPLOSION.
>> Rossiu: UH‐OH.
>> Kiyal: WHAT IS IT?
[screaming]
>> Kiyoh: G‐GUNMEN!
>> Kiyal: RUN AWAY!
[Thymilph chuckles]
>> Thymilph: I WON’T LET A
SINGLE ONE OF YOU FILTHY HUMANS
ESCAPE.
>> Beastman: GENERAL THYMILPH!
LOOK AT THE GUNMEN ON OUR DECK!
>> Thymilph: WHAT’S VIRAL’S
STATUS?
>> Beastman: UNCONSCIOUS!
>> Thymilph: WORTHLESS!
WHAT GOOD IS HE?
[trigger clicking]
>> Yoko: IF ONLY I HAD MY RIFLE!
>> Kinon: WE’RE SURROUNDED!
[all gasp]
>> Yoko: AMAZING!
IT TOOK OUT THREE OF THEM AT
ONCE!
>> Rossiu: IT DOESN’T SEEM TO BE
HOSTILE TO US.
>> Ron: THE WHOLE GUNMEN LOOKS
AWFULLY HAPHAZARD TO ME.
>> Yoko: IF YOU’RE NOT OUR
ENEMY, GO TO KAMINA!
SAVE HIM!
PLEASE HELP US!
>> Kittan: WHAT’S THAT BOZO
KAMINA GOTTEN HIMSELF INTO NOW?
>> HUH?
>> Kittan: HEH.
>> Kamina: NOW, THEN...YOU’RE
THE HEAD HONCHO, AREN’T YOU?
>> Thymilph: YES.
>> Kamina: SO I FINALLY GET
TO SEE YOUR FACE.
>> Thymilph: I AM ONE OF THE
SPIRAL KING’S FOUR GENERALS.
I’M KNOWN AS THYMILPH THE RAGING
WAVE.
>> Kamina: YEAH, WHATEVER!
NOW DIG THE WAX OUTTA YOUR EARS
AND LISTEN UP, ’CAUSE I’VE GOT
SOMETHING TO SAY!
HE TAKES THE BLAZING SUN IN HIS
BARE HANDS AND ENDURES THE
SEARING HEAT!
A MAN’S MAN SUSTAINED BY
STRENGTH OF WILL!
WHEN YOU HEAR OF THE GREAT
KAMINA, THEY’RE TALKIN’ ABOUT
ME!
YOU’D BEST REMEMBER THAT!
>> Simon: I’M SCARED, BRO,
REALLY SCARED.
>> Kamina: RELAX, SIMON!
AS LONG AS WE STAY UP HERE, THEY
WON’T RISK SHOOTING AT US.
[Thymilph chuckles]
DON’T BE SO SURE ABOUT THAT.
AHH!
[both grunting]
AH!
>> Thymilph: I’M NOT ABOUT TO
TOLERATE YOUR BIG MOUTH, NOT
HERE ATOP MY OWN DAI‐GUNZAN!
WHEN IT COMES TO BIG MOUTHS,
DAI‐GUNZAN’S IS THE BIGGEST!
BOOM! BOOM!
[laughs]
I’LL TEAR YOU LIMB FROM LIMB!
[grunting]
>> Kamina: WE’RE COMING APART!
>> Simon: IT’S ABOUT TO TEAR!
>> Thymilph: RIP APART.
>> Kamina: GRR!
>> Simon: ARR!
>> Thymilph: TEAR.
>> both: AAH!
>> Thymilph: WHAT WAS THAT?
>> Beastman 2: GENERAL
THYMILPH, LOOK!
OVER THERE!
IT’S A GUNMEN!
>> Simon: WAIT A MINUTE.
A GUNMEN SAVED US?
>> Dayakka: GET CLEAR WHILE WE
TAKE ’EM ON!
>> Simon: I KNOW THAT VOICE!
>> Dayakka: THAT’S RIGHT.
IT’S DAYAKKA FROM LITTNER!
>> Kittan: FROM THE BLACK
SIBLINGS, KITTAN IS HERE!
REALLY SORRY TO KEEP YOU
WAITING.
>> Kamina: UH, WHO ARE YOU
AGAIN?
>> Kittan: IT’S KITTAN,
YOU JERK!
DID YOU FORGET ALL ABOUT ME
ALREADY?
>> Kamina: WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU
GUYS DOING WITH GUNMEN?
>> Yoko: IT’S ALL BECAUSE OF
YOU.
>> Kamina: WHO, ME?
>> Yoko: YOU GOT YOUR HANDS ON
GURREN, SO NOW EVERYBODY’S
COPYING YOU.
>> Kittan: I’M NOT COPYING
ANYONE!
>> Kamina: EVERYBODY?
>> Yoko: THAT’S RIGHT, AND FROM
WHAT I HEAR, MORE OF OUR FRIENDS
WILL BE HERE ANYTIME NOW.
>> Simon: REALLY?
>> Thymilph: SCHEMING VERMIN!
THOSE FILTHY HUMANS!
SHOOT THEM! SHOOT THEM!
>> Viral: KILL THEM ALL!
>> Kamina: AW, GEEZ, NOTHING BUT
CANNON FODDER AGAIN.
I WISH THEY’D SEND IN SOME‐‐
>> Rossiu: THIS IS BAD!
THEY’RE GANGING UP ON KAMINA AND
SIMON!
>> Yoko: HELLO, KAMINA?
DO YOU READ ME?
WITH THE SHAPE YOU’RE IN, YOU
DON’T HAVE A CHANCE OF WINNING.
LISTEN, IF YOU’RE DEFEATED LIKE
THIS, WHO’S GOING TO LEAD OUR
NEW ALLIES AGAINST THESE
MONSTERS?
IF YOU KEEP FIGHTING AND GET
YOURSELF KILLED FOR NOTHING,
WHO’S GOING TO BE OUR LEADER?
>> Kamina: ENOUGH!
LIKE I SAID, YOU DON’T GET
ANYWHERE RUNNING AWAY!
[Yoko gasps]
>> Simon: LISTEN TO ME, BRO!
>> Kamina: YEAH, WHAT?
>> Simon: YOKO’S RIGHT!
LET’S RETREAT JUST THIS ONCE!
>> Kamina: HUH, WHAT’S WRONG?
LOST YOUR NERVE?
>> Simon: MY NERVE IS DONE AND
GONE!
>> Kamina: COWARD!
>> Simon: IF IT MEANS GETTING
YOU HOME IN ONE PIECE, I’LL BE
HAPPY TO LOSE MY NERVE!
I MEAN, EVERYONE’S WAITING FOR
YOU TO COME BACK!
BRO!
>> Kamina: WE CAN’T.
TAKE A LOOK, SIMON.
IF WE TURN OUR BACK TO THESE
GUYS, WE’RE SITTING DUCKS.
EITHER WAY, UNLESS WE PIN THIS
THING DOWN, WE DON’T HAVE A HOPE
OF WINNING THIS FIGHT!
>> Simon: THAT’S TRUE, BUT HOW
DO WE...
HEY, BRO, I THINK I HAVE AN
IDEA!
>> Kamina: WHAT?
>> Simon: LET ME DO IT!
>> Kamina: HEH.
ALL RIGHT.
GO, SIMON!
I’LL LEAVE THIS FIGHT TO YOU.
>> Thymilph: YOU CAN’T RUN,
HUMANS!
>> Kittan: I DON’T UNDERSTAND
THIS.
WHAT THE HELL’S HE TRYING TO DO?
>> Simon: NYAH! AH!
[grunts]
>> Yoko: THERE’S NOWHERE LEFT TO
RUN!
>> Rossiu: THEIR BACK IS TO A
CLIFF.
>> Ron: OH, MY.
WERE THOSE KIDS REALLY
THAT FOOLISH?
[Viral laughs]
IT’S ALL OVER!
>> Simon: YEAH, ALL OVER...
FOR YOU!
>> Viral: WHAT?
>> Thymilph: YOU STINKING
HUMANS, WHAT ARE YOU UP TO NOW?
I’LL CRUSH YOU UNDERFOOT LIKE A
TINY DIRT CLOD!
>> Simon: AAH!
>> Viral: KAMINA, YOU BASTARD
SON OF A BITCH!
>> Kamina: HEY, DON’T LOOK AT
ME, PAL.
>> Viral: YOU STUPID NAKED APE!
DON’T THINK THIS MEANS YOU’VE
WON.
DAI‐GUNZAN IS THE MEREST
FRACTION OF THE CAPITAL’S
MILITARY MIGHT, AND YOU HAVE
JUST MADE A MORTAL ENEMY
OF THAT MIGHT!
MARK MY WORDS!
WE WILL BE BACK TOMORROW!
SAY YOUR PRAYERS!
[Simon breathing heavily]
>> Kamina: YEAH, THAT’S OUR
SIMON THE DIGGER!
NICE GOING, KID!
>> Simon: AH, HEH HEH.
>> Simon: HEY, CHECK IT OUT,
BRO!
>> Kittan: WHADDYA THINK?
THIS IS A BUNCH OF PEOPLE FROM
ALL OVER WHO HAVE BEEN PUTTING
UP RESISTANCE!
THEY HEARD RUMORS ABOUT A COUPLE
OF MORONS FIGHTING IN A STOLEN
GUNMEN, AND THEY GATHERED
TOGETHER TO JOIN THE FIGHT.
IT SEEMS LIKE WE ALL CAUGHT YOUR
STUPIDITY BUG! HEH!
>> Ron: SO THEN FIGHTING SPIRIT
REPAIRED THE ARMOR?
>> Simon: THAT’S RIGHT, BUT THEN
IT CHANGED BACK AS SOON AS WE
SEPARATED.
>> Ron: YES, AS EXPECTED.
>> Simon: BY THE WAY, WHAT DID
YOU DO WITH YOUR VILLAGE’S WOMEN
AND CHILDREN?
>> Dayakka: WE LEFT THEM IN THE
CARE OF GIHA VILLAGE.
>> Simon: OUR CHIEF AGREED TO
THAT?
>> Dayakka: GURREN LAGANN HAS
BECOME A SYMBOL OF HOPE FOR
HUMANITY, MORE SO THAN YOU COULD
KNOW.
>> Rossiu: STILL, YOU SHOULD BE
VERY CAREFUL.
GOOD INTENTIONS CAN SOMETIMES
TEMPT GOOD PEOPLE TO TRAVEL
DOWN THE WRONG PATH,
JUST AS IT DID IN MY VILLAGE.
>> Kamina: FOREHEAD BOY!
THERE YOU GO AGAIN, TALKING LIKE
A GREAT BIG KNOW‐IT‐ALL!
>> Ron: SMARTY‐PANTS.
>> Zorthy: I’M ZORTHY.
>> Kidd: I’M KIDD.
>> Iraak: ME, I’M IRAAK.
>> Jorgun: I’M J‐J‐JORGUN.
>> Balinbow: I’M B‐B‐BALINBOW.
[both shouting and grunting]
>> Kamina: OKAY, FINE, WHATEVER.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
LISTEN UP!
ALL RIGHT, YOU BOZOS!
I’M GLAD YOU ALL COULD MAKE IT
HERE TODAY!
ABOUT THAT HUGE GUNMEN FROM THIS
AFTERNOON, YOU CAN BE SURE THAT
IT’LL COME BACK TOMORROW!
[crowd murmurs]
AND WHEN IT SHOWS ITS UGLY FACE
AGAIN, I SAY WE STEAL THAT
BIG‐ASS GUNMEN FROM THEM!
WE’RE JUST GONNA HELP OURSELVES
TO IT!
AFTER TOMORROW, THAT BIG HUNK OF
JUNK IS GONNA BE OUR
HEADQUARTERS!
PRETTY SWEET, RIGHT?
[crowd cheers]
>> THAT’S WHAT I’M
TALKING ’BOUT!
>> Kamina: WE’VE COME THIS FAR
BY STEALING GUNMEN
FROM THE BEASTMEN!
THERE’S NOTHING TO BE AFRAID OF!
[crowd cheers]
>> Simon: YEAH, BUT HOW ARE WE
GONNA DO THAT, BRO?
>> Kamina: THAT’S EASY!
YOU’RE GONNA DO IT FOR US ALL,
SIMON.
>> Simon: WHAT? ME?
[crowd cheers]
>> Ron: LISTEN, WHEN GURREN
LAGANN COMBINES, IT’S
ACCOMPLISHED BY LAGANN TAKING
OVER ALL OF GURREN’S SYSTEMS.
THAT’S GURREN LAGANN’S STRENGTH.
THAT MEANS THAT IF LAGANN CAN
COMBINE WITH DAI‐GUNZAN, IT WILL
BE ABLE TO TAKE OVER ITS
SYSTEMS.
>> Yoko: YOU’LL BE OKAY.
I KNOW YOU CAN DO IT, SIMON.
>> Ron: LAGANN’S POWER IS ALSO
LINKED TO SIMON’S MENTAL ENERGY.
DEPENDING ON HIS SPIRIT‐‐
ARE YOU PAYING ATTENTION, SIMON?
>> Kamina: WHAT A BEAUTIFUL
MOON.
JUST BEING ABLE TO SEE THIS
MAKES ME GLAD I CAME UP HERE TO
THE SURFACE.
WE HAVE TO WIN.
WE CAN’T AFFORD TO BE SLOWED
DOWN, NOT NOW.
WE’LL KEEP STEALING AND STEALING
AND STEALING THEIR WEAPONS.
WE HAVE TO KEEP WINNING UNTIL
THEY FINALLY GIVE UP ON THE
IDEA OF ATTACKING US.
AND BESIDES, I WANNA GIVE SIMON
AND FOREHEAD BOY AND GIMMY AND
DARRY A WORLD WHERE KIDS CAN
LOOK UP AT THE SUN WITHOUT
A CARE IN THE WORLD.
>> Yoko: KAMINA?
>> Kamina: YEAH?
>> Yoko: YOU HAVE MORE BRAINS
THAN I THOUGHT YOU DID.
>> Kamina: HEY, JUST WHO THE
HELL DO YOU THINK I AM?
>> Yoko: YOU’RE KAMINA, BADASS
LEADER OF THE INDOMITABLE TEAM
GURREN, THE GREAT ONE!
>> Kamina: YOU’RE WRONG.
>> Yoko: HMM?
>> Kamina: WE’RE NOT TEAM
GURREN.
WE’RE NOW TEAM DAI‐GURREN!
>> Yoko: EVEN SO, DON’T DO
ANYTHING CRAZY LIKE YOU DID
TODAY.
>> Kamina: HMM?
>> Yoko: THERE’S ALWAYS BEEN
A METHOD TO YOUR MADNESS.
I COULD ALWAYS JUST TELL MYSELF,
"IF ANYBODY CAN PULL SOMETHING
OFF, KAMINA CAN."
BUT THIS AFTERNOON WAS
DIFFERENT.
THAT WASN’T RECKLESS OR EVEN
CRAZY.
THAT WAS PLAIN STUPID!
YOU RUSHED IN THERE WITHOUT
THINKING IT THROUGH.
AND IF SIMON HADN’T BEEN THERE,
YOU MIGHT VERY WELL HAVE BEEN
KILLED.
I GUESS THAT FRIGHTENED ME.
KAMINA.
>> Kamina: HUH?
[rumbling]
>> LOOK AT THAT!
>> Gimmy: HEY, DON’T BE SCARED.
>> Darry: YEAH, WE KNOW YOU CAN
DO IT.
>> Simon: YEAH, I GUESS YOU’RE
RIGHT.
>> Yoko: FLAMES ARE COMING FROM
THAT MOUNTAIN!
>> Kamina: BELCHING FIRE AND
SETTING THE EARTH ABLAZE.
I DON’T THINK I COULD’VE ASKED
FOR A MORE PERFECT SETTING FOR A
ONCE‐IN‐A‐LIFETIME BATTLE!
NOW I’M REALLY PSYCHED!
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[man singing in Japanese]
>> Kamina: LISTEN, SIMON.
NEVER FORGET THIS.
BELIEVE IN YOURSELF.
NOT IN THE SIMON THAT I HAVE
FAITH IN, NOT IN THE KAMINA THAT
YOU BELIEVE IN EITHER.
BELIEVE IN THE SIMON WHO
BELIEVES IN YOU!